[lit-html] A couple of API renames (#1497)
Polymer/lit-html: packages/lit-html/CHANGELOG.md

- [Breaking] (since 2.0.0-pre.3) The part exports (`ChildPart`,
  `AttributePart`, etc) have been change to interface-only exports. The constructors are no longer exported. Directive authors should use helpers in `directive-helpers.js` to construct parts.

- [Breaking] (since 2.0.0-pre.3) The `setPartValue` function in 
  `directove-helpers.js` has been renamed to `setChildPartValue` and now only

>   supports ChildParts. Most directives should extend `DisconnectableDirective`
>   and use `this.setValue()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  supports ChildParts. Directives that require updating their container
  part outside the `render`/`update` lifecycle should extend
  `DisconnectableDirective` and use `this.setValue()`.
```

Author: done
